#610 update the release:prepare phase to skip execution completely (#611)
boozallen/aissemble: DRAFT_RELEASE_NOTES.md

  - The `foundation-data-access` Java module
- PySpark will no longer throw an exception when a required field is `None` but instead filter it out. See Changes in Spark/PySpark Schema Behavior below for more details.
- Spark/PySpark will no longer filter out records with `null`/`None` fields that are not required and have validation. See Changes in Spark/PySpark Schema Behavior below for more details.

> - The default `preparationGoals` for the release plugin had been changed to `help:help` to shorten the release preparation time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default `preparationGoals` for the release plugin had been changed to `help:help` to skip redundant testing during the release preparation phase, providing for a faster and more reliable release process.
```
